README.md, before:

#Technology Evaluation Framework

<a href="http://testbed.esipfed.org">![](http://badge.esipfed.org/testbed.svg?display=logo)</a>  <a href="http://wiki.esipfed.org/index.php/Products_and_Services">![](http://badge.esipfed.org/products.svg?display=logo)</a>

The Technology Evaluation Framework (TEF) was developed by John Graybeal (@graybeal), as an [ESIP Testbed](http://testbed.esipfed.org/) project, to support the evaluation of NASA AIST software or technology products. The evaluation is based on NASA's [Technology Readiness Levels](https://www.nasa.gov/directorates/heo/scan/engineering/technology/txt_accordion1.html).

More information can be found on the [Products & Services](http://wiki.esipfed.org/index.php/P%26S_Telecon_-_January_19,_2016#Technology_Evaluation_Framework_Final_Report) site. 

###Contents

(To download the spreadsheet only, go to the TRL Evaluation Structure.zip page and click the "Raw" button in the upper right. Alternately, download the entire repository as a ZIP file.)

**TRL Evaluation Structure.xlsx:** 

This is the delivered evaluation spreadsheet (to download, go to the link below and click the "Raw" button in the upper right, or download the entire repository as a ZIP file). 
[download](https://github.com/ESIPFed/technology-evaluation-framework/raw/master/TRL%20Evaluation%20Structure.xslx)

The URLs at which the Google doc can be viewed are:
* https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1trb-1Lszz_TXzE0xWClQMIeNjmpvmVtwEbl7GNV-TbM/edit#gid=2073129365 
* http://bit.ly/esip-trl-eval-structure 

**Development Branch**

Some work was done on a development version of the spreadsheet. That can be found at 
* https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1LqK4iRT_tS-eAA2w-Fx2_hiS78ybqsiBqE78GGFpsa8/edit#gid=130961187

Commit message:

I think it's the way it should be now.
Not sure why I couldn't get the download link to work directly, maybe it's a Safari thing. The link itself looked fine.

README.md, after:

#Technology Evaluation Framework

<a href="http://testbed.esipfed.org">![](http://badge.esipfed.org/testbed.svg?display=logo)</a>  <a href="http://wiki.esipfed.org/index.php/Products_and_Services">![](http://badge.esipfed.org/products.svg?display=logo)</a>

The Technology Evaluation Framework (TEF) was developed by John Graybeal (@graybeal), as an [ESIP Testbed](http://testbed.esipfed.org/) project, to support the evaluation of NASA AIST software or technology products. The evaluation is based on NASA's [Technology Readiness Levels](https://www.nasa.gov/directorates/heo/scan/engineering/technology/txt_accordion1.html).

More information and files can be found on the Products & Services site, in the [01-19-2016 Telecon page](http://wiki.esipfed.org/index.php/P%26S_Telecon_-_January_19,_2016#Technology_Evaluation_Framework_Final_Report). 

###Contents



**TRL Evaluation Structure.xlsx:** 

This is the delivered evaluation spreadsheet. 

To download, go to the [TRL Evaluation Structure.xslx](https://github.com/ESIPFed/technology-evaluation-framework/blob/master/TRL%20Evaluation%20Structure.xlsx) and click the "Raw" button in the upper right; or paste the URL https://github.com/ESIPFed/technology-evaluation-framework/raw/master/TRL%20Evaluation%20Structure.xslx into your browser and hit return; or download the entire repository as a ZIP file. 

The URLs at which the original Google doc can be viewed are:
* https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1trb-1Lszz_TXzE0xWClQMIeNjmpvmVtwEbl7GNV-TbM/edit#gid=2073129365 
* http://bit.ly/esip-trl-eval-structure 
Note the Google doc might have changed since originally stored there.

**Development Branch**

Some work was done on a development version of the spreadsheet. The principle change was the existence of a set of Fitness questions, that the author was fond of. That spreadsheet can be downloaded from the Telecon page, or directly by using 
* http://wiki.esipfed.org/images/b/b6/TRL_Evaluation_Structure_-_Development_Branch.xlsx
and can be found on Google docs at 
* https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1LqK4iRT_tS-eAA2w-Fx2_hiS78ybqsiBqE78GGFpsa8/edit#gid=130961187
